Do you know why the three of you
Put it together?
Do you play mahjong?
Xu Tao Mr. Xu
Brother Tao
Hey
Look at this stinky security
Like a dead dog
Xu Tao, I want you to watch
I torture everyone you care about
Hey, what about people?
Am I dead? No.
I risked being taken back and punished
Saved you
What about them?
I'm just the smallest little fairy goose
You can only save one person at a time.
What to do then?
There is another way.
Although Xu Tao is gone
But left you all behind
So cruel
Xu Tao will definitely come back
Don't be too happy.
Every time you can talk back to me the most
Lin Mengqi is still tied to the bed by me
After cleaning up, he will be the first to clean up you first.
Ah, who?
It's Mr. Xu